Fix broken README.md link to cli.md (#1026)
apache/arrow-datafusion: README.md

## Using DataFusion as a binary

> DataFusion also includes a simple command-line interactive SQL utility. See the [CLI reference](docs/source/cli/index.rst) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
DataFusion also includes a simple command-line interactive SQL utility. See the [CLI reference](https://arrow.apache.org/datafusion/cli/index.html) for more information.
```
